README.md, before:

# #modreqs web, for osu! game

In the past, osu! had a section of its website that displayed the latest maps posted in the #modreqs channel.
For some reason, this stopped working in 2014: https://osu.ppy.sh/forum/t/211410

This simple app tries to emulate a bit this utility.

I hope people (especially _Nominators_), can find it useful!!


# Technology
- Backend: Express.js
- Frontend: Ember.js
- CSS: PureCSS

# How to dev
- Backend and Frontend are different apps.
- You must have Node.js, NPM or Yarn, and ember-cli installed.
- Database is in PostgreSQL, you can find table creation in _database/ddl.sql_.
- You must do `yarn install` or `npm install` for each one (backend and frontend).
- Setup your editor with Eslint.
- To start backend use `npm start` in the root folder.
- To start ember use `ember s --proxy=http://localhost:3000` in _ember-app_ folder.
- To compile ember with production mode, you can use `npm run-script build`.
- Configuration things are in _auth.js_, **avoid commit over this file**. I high recommend to
  do this command: `git update-index --assume-unchanged auth.js`, to ignore any change
  over this file.

Commit message:

Diseño (#2)
* commit inicial

* Mejorar cards

* Arreglar anchor

* Limpiar estilo y agregar sombre hover cards

* Agregar osu-page

* Agregar color anchor hover

* Agregar font-awesome

* Setear max-width osu-page

* Separar nav en componente y agregar estilo

* Update README

* Update README

* Estilizar nav-bar

* Agregar + sobre a header

* flexbox testing

* Cambiar color nav-menu

* Resize width with < 800px screen

* Truncar título beatmaps

* Agregar imágenes a cards

* Agregar sombra a cards

* Header cards

* Agregar mapper, nick y diffs

* posted -> requested

* Arreglar identacion

README.md, after:

# #modreqs web, for osu! game

In the past, osu! had a section of its website that displayed the latest maps posted in the #modreqs channel.
For some reason, this stopped working in 2014: https://osu.ppy.sh/forum/t/211410

This simple app tries to emulate a bit this utility.

I hope people (especially _Nominators_), can find it useful!!

# Technologies
- Backend: Express.js
- Frontend: Ember.js
- CSS: PureCSS

# How to dev
## Requirements
- Node.js
- NPM or Yarn
- ember-cli
- PostgreSQL (Create Database `modreqsdb`. Table creation is in _database/ddl.sql_)

## Setting Credentials
- You will need an API key from osu! Go [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/p/api)
- You also will need your Credentials for IRC. Get them [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/p/irc)
- Configuration things are in _auth.js_. **Avoid commit over this file**. It's recommended to
  do this command: `git update-index --assume-unchanged auth.js`, to ignore any changes over this file.

## Run
- Run `npm install` or `yarn install` on both root folder & _/ember-app_
- To start Backend use `npm start` in the root folder.
- To start ember use `ember start` in _/ember-app_ folder.
- Go to http://localhost:4200/

## Production
- To compile ember with production mode, you can use `npm run-script build`.
